AccountMembership.Disabled webhook update (#636)
swan-io/docs: docs/topics/accounts/memberships/index.mdx

| Account membership status | Explanation |
|---|---|

> | `ConsentPending` | An account membership request was sent using the `addAccountMembership` mutation and is waiting for the inviter's consent.<br/><br/>Memberships with the status `ConsentPending` can't be updated. If there's an error in the invited account member's information, cancel the invitation and add a new account membership with the `addAccountMembership` mutation.<br/><br/>**Next steps**:<ul><li>If the invited account member consents, the status moves to `InvitationSent`</li><li>The account membership status moves to `Disabled` if the inviter opens the consent flow but doesn't consent, or if the invitation expires before the invited member consents. </li><li> For `Disabled` memberships because of expired consent, querying `AccountMembershipDisabledStatusInfo` shows the reason as `InvitationExpired`.</li></ul><br/>If you're subscribed to the `AccountMembership.Disabled` webhook, you'll receive a notification when a membership is `Disabled`. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `ConsentPending` | An account membership request was sent using the `addAccountMembership` mutation and is waiting for the inviter's consent.<br/><br/>Memberships with the status `ConsentPending` can't be updated. If there's an error in the invited account member's information, cancel the invitation and add a new account membership with the `addAccountMembership` mutation.<br/><br/>**Next steps**:<ul><li>If the invited account member consents, the status moves to `InvitationSent`</li><li>The account membership status moves to `Disabled` if the inviter opens the consent flow but doesn't consent, or if the invitation expires before the invited member consents. </li><li> For `Disabled` memberships because of expired consent, querying `AccountMembershipDisabledStatusInfo` shows the reason as `InvitationExpired`.</li></ul><br/>Subscribe to the `AccountMembership.Disabled` webhook to get notified when a membership moves to `Disabled`. |
```

| `Enabled` | All user information matches, the account member has been awarded the correct [identification level](../../users/identifications/index.mdx#levels-processes), and the account member can use their account membership and corresponding permissions. |
| `BindingUserError` | The personal information you submitted about the invited account member doesn't match the information they provide during the [sign-up process](../../users/index.mdx#signup). The mismatch must be solved before continuing.<br/><br/>Refer to the section on [binding user errors](./guide-fix-binding-error.mdx) for more information. |
| `Suspended` | Account membership is suspended and not available for use.<br/><br/>Account memberships can be suspended for various reasons, including a request from you or the account's legal representative, or a Swan action in the case of suspicious activity.<br/><br/>**Next steps**:<ul><li>Restore the account membership's previous status with the API</li><li>Cancel the account membership with the API</li></ul> |

> | `Disabled` | Account membership is disabled, is no longer available for use, and can't be restored.<br/><br/>When an account member's membership is disabled, their recurring `SingleUseVirtualCards` are [automatically reassigned to the account's Legal Representative](/topics/cards/virtual/#suv-recurring).<br/><br/>If you're subscribed to the `AccountMembership.Disabled` webhook, you'll receive a notification when a membership is `Disabled`. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `Disabled` | Account membership is disabled, is no longer available for use, and can't be restored.<br/><br/>When an account member's membership is disabled, their recurring `SingleUseVirtualCards` are [automatically reassigned to the account's Legal Representative](/topics/cards/virtual/#suv-recurring).<br/><br/>Subscribe to the `AccountMembership.Disabled` webhook to get notified when a membership moves to `Disabled`. |
```
